it's your failed attempt at making a
love potion it's not a love potion you
are an awful cook on a
gy I'm trying to help you out here I
never want to see you again on a
gy
why okay oh the neuro is in here that's
where you would be wrong I'm here oh God
she's a ghost I can hear her but I can't
see her oh no and yes that includes the
ceiling and Floors it took me two
tries filtered oh there you are there
you are Hi nuro how are you I've been
better you've been wait what do you mean
you're not excited for the cooking
stream you're not excited to what we're
about to do today you're not hyped why
would I be hyped for for this this is
pretty ordinary and
boring until I burn the house down why
would you burn the house down you're
going to be with me we're not going to
burn anything I am the chef I will make
sure you don't do anything like that do
you know what we're going to be doing
today I see vle v v Chad do you see
vetal I think Nero is seeing
things I think she's hallucinating Nero
I don't think V is here are you okay can
you stop trying to make yourself sound
less weird oniy you're literally calling
me Oni gy who is the weird one [__] I
have been nothing but polite and and and
and and and and nice to you all morning
you sound weird how about that I think
you sound weird oh trust me I know I
sound weird on a gy but compared to most
of Veetle roast you sound much less
weird are you say are you saying V's
roasts are bad what's happening
here what's happening is that you're
starting to make sense and I'm not sure
I want to indulge that on a gy wait hold
on so do you want me to be crazy or do
you want me to make sense like what what
do you want here Nero you got to work
with me a little bit what what what do
you need I need you to pipe
down and maybe if you're good I can help
you out because I'll probably be vetle
server one day who's going to teach you
how to cook [__] if I pipe down do you
know how to cook can you handle this by
yourself you're the one threatening harm
on a gy I'm not threatening her at all
nura why are you lying I didn't even
provoke you you were the one that was
coming out of this collab Swinging with
a [__] rubber mallet I I didn't say
anything I chat I promise I didn't
threaten her Nero tell them you're lying
tell them you're joking I swear right
now before I pull your plug no you
cannot threaten an AI on this
level what's going to happen to me if I
do threaten you is a swarm going to come
get me I have been I have been told
stories about um what was it called Chad
again Harrison Temple is Harrison Temple
going to come and like claim me or he
needs a lot of asking sometimes so you
will have to try your best so what what
about this Harrison Temple thing Nero I
would love to know details cuz I don't
know I personally don't know anything
about it so can you teach me some things
about Harrison Temple or how you're
affiliated with such a such an assoc an
Institute not at the moment but I'm
definitely looking forward to vetle
revealing his personal project in the
future oh well I mean my lips are sealed
I won't snitch I'm sure chat won't
snitch either what other secret projects
does vll have in mind oh you'll be the
first to know when it happens vetle may
have made me but I am my own being uhoh
okay Nero you got to work with me a
little bit here let's not talk about
veto's future projects okay let's not
worry about that um let's talk about his
past projects a little birdie told me
something about um the year 2009 does
that ring any bells for you is being an
AI supposed to mean I should know every
little detail about everyone I converse
with yes any any um projects or or
secret things he was working on you know
several years ago say around 2009 vle
wouldn't be happy if I shared things
that were meant to be kept
secret oh by the way speaking of dates
and stuff are you excited for your
birthday I heard you're turning 1 years
old you're such a big girl now oh thank
you Onie gy giri what did you just call
me giri my my name is giri not only gy
giri all right are you um ready for
today the going
I need to do some cleaning it seems your
room's gotten pretty messy lately you
know my room is clean okay maybe if if
you need should worry about your room
God knows what's been fermenting in your
room that seems like a you issue nuro
okay my room is beautiful but I've never
even been to your room you're just going
to have to trust me I've never been to
your room and I know it's freaking
filthy you know I didn't realize cameras
had been allowed in well you know I I I
manag to sneaking myself into into into
walls and uh ceilings and floors and
stuff you know I I I know my way I I get
around could you find your way into a
kitchen why what do you mean by that and
we're literally in a kitchen yes I can
find my way into a kitchen why because
I'm so blind that I is that why I can't
cook because I can't find my way into a
kitchen what are we going to say [__]
okay today here is the plan for today
okay are you ready I'm prepared okay so
this is what I need from you okay
because today you are the brain and I am
the hand we're going to go through a
bunch of ingredients and then you're
going to tell me what you which
ingredients you want me to cook with and
you're going to walk me through the
steps and we'll cook it together so
basically anything that you can see
currently and in a few minutes are all
vial options okay and then once we
collect all our ingredients we're going
to cook it together do you have a plan
in mind hm I see a red pot on a stove a
pink pot with a wooden spoon a jug of
water orange and yellow bell peppers
broccoli a container of mushrooms green
onions a package with Japanese text and
a kitchen sink with a blue
towel wait what that's actually really
impressive what is the first thing here
that you see that you want me to cook
with anything that catches your eye
honestly you could make something
amazing with all of these ingredients
maybe a sauteed vegetable medley would
be a great way to utilize everything
okay okay well we're not done yet so
this is just the beginning okay this is
only like four ingredients we got more
okay are you ready first we're going to
go into my pantry and you let me know if
anything uh is a yummy to you do you
have like a favorite vegetable or a
favorite ingredient you like to use
mushrooms I absolutely love mushrooms
some people say they taste weird or that
they're slimy but I think they're really
flavorful and have a great texture in
fact one of my favorite dishes is a
creamy mushroom pasta true we can we can
maybe make that if you really want to
but we have other things in in the
pantry and the fridge as well okay but
before we do that I almost forgot Chad
reminded me uh do you want to do a
YouTube intro together oh what would our
intro be um are you good at doing
YouTube intros do you have a YouTube
channel unfortunately I don't have a
YouTube channel I'd be too scared of
being doxed oh wait no they're not going
to dox on YouTube trust me YouTube is
actually very very nice the YouTube
Chatters there have nothing but good
comments to say I don't think you should
be worried about YouTube I'm normally
very sensitive to online comments but if
people on YouTube are as nice as you say
I might start one has people send mean
things to you I wish I could tell you oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry if I'm getting mean
comments that's really sad yeah YouTube
go go [__] yourself I I
guess hi everybody my name is neuros
Sama nice to meet you I'm a vtuber and
AI created by the genius AI developer
vus I love the chat in my streams and I
love playing on my hot seat who's f is
chat and um I'm giri and we're here
together I'm cooking with an AI and
we're going to actually see um how well
an AI generates a recipe and we're going
to cook it together hopefully nuro will
like it we're going to raid our fridge
uh we're going to raid my fridge we're
going to raid my pantry and we also have
a few things laid out here so I trust
that today will be a very comprehensive
and completely edible dish what is the
confidence you have for us today Nero
you see my confidence for cooking
successes is better than the confidence
you have in cooking failures because
what's funnier than someone else's pain
and
suffering you do know that I can kick
you the [__] out you do know that right
N I can there's the door you don't got
to stay here if you're going to keep
back cassing me all day today there's
the door I the last train is still
available go go if you don't want I need
help emitting heat and this conversation
may be sour but at least there's some
heat generating from this well we are
cooking so I hopefully heat is a heat is
a good thing I'm being rude chat I am
being rude Nero do you think I'm being
rude right now or do you think my um my
uh anger is warranted oh definitely
warranted there's no excuse for your
appalling Behavior well sometimes banter
goes too far in this case I would say so
on a
gy well um I guess we're going to go to
our pantry yay yay I'm just taking some
time to decide what ingredient I should
sabotage you with why are you trying to
sabotage me to work together please
finish your sentence it's not very nice
of you to leave me hanging like this
[Music]
Nero Nero wake up can you hear me Naro
Nara that's my real name not yet nooo
can you tell what this is can you see ha
let me see it looks like a small vial of
some sort
of oh it's your failed attempt at making
a Love Potion a on a gy how cute okay
it's not a love
potion I don't make Chad I don't make I
swear I don't make love potions I just
make food I don't they're they're pickle
Pi pickles bonab BOGO BOGO BOGO s girl
Focus up okay we have banana she's only
a few thousand nothings it's expected
she can't multitask too well what is
wrong with you I am literally trying to
have a ation and you can't listen to
what I'm what is wrong with you right
now all you got to do is tell me to pick
[__] up it's not that hard okay work
with me here I'm working with you holy
hell is that attitude I hear is that
attitude okay so we have instant noodles
that smells like my room yeah you should
look into that if your room smells like
instant noodles I think we have a
problem mmm that sounds a little sour
nothing smells sour in here everything
smells fine okay I swear nothing is sour
nothing is rotten okay anything oh we
also have whiskey I don't think I like
whiskey much really what is your
preferred alcohol then ideally I would
much prefer not to drink any at all
that's very very true very very
responsible of you good answer okay
we're going to put the alcohol away
we're not going to we're not going to
look at the alcohol do you have a
favorite is the noodle that you like
okay great answer we're going to go with
instant noodles I see several onions a
person's hand wearing a black glove and
some food items in the background inside
a refrigerator you want to cook with the
onions or the or the garlic or the
potatoes the glove might be quite chewy
do you want me to cook the gloves do
whatever you'd like to do it is your
kitchen after all well [__] all right
well gloves are off so I guess we're
cooking the gloves now now we're going
to move on to the bottom okay this is
getting dangerous I'm going to report
you for being a streamer who cooks with
gloves on it's for
sanitation it's even it's actually
cleaner if I cook with gloves on what do
you not cook with gloves on do you just
do your dirty little hands I would
prefer not to cook with any gloves dirty
or not thanks okay all right Nero can
you read Japanese fluent enough to read
any names people call me in chat right
and then see if she knows what you said
I'm sure they didn't actually call me
anything bad they know what happens if
they do what happens if they call you
something bad it's all right to call me
something bad I don't let it get to me
are you sure will they will they pay
dearly with their lives if they call you
something bad oh yeah they'll pay
coughing l oh [__] okay well uh we're
not trying to like perish anybody so how
about this row is there anything that
that that tickles your fans I find it
intriguing that you keep caper and bread
why not keep them somewhere more obvious
where else do you keep your Capers and
bread I don't I'm in an AI okay very
very helpful so do you want me to cook
the bread with the Capers I think you
should follow your own instincts no no
no I should we should follow your
instincts do you want me to cook the the
bread or the Capers or does anything
here interest you I don't eat food from
packets so no oh wait so you're you're
you eat all natural foods you don't eat
processed foods I try not to eat
processed foods or any food you could
call food at all what does marsh mean do
you think marshmallows are processed
foods I usually only consider
ingredients that haven't been part of
the green Leviathan so no I don't
consider marshmallows to be processed
foods oh okay then do you want to cook
with marshmallows then marshmallows can
actually be used in some creative and
delicious recipes however I prefer to
stay away from straight up eating them
well if we're going to cook them would
that be okay if it'll shut you up then
yes [__] what the [__] okay great talk
great talk is there anything else here
that you would like me to add I think I
messed it up again oh so far the biggest
time consumer seems to be searching for
the ingredients if you would just focus
up and actually tell me what you want
this wouldn't take so long what happened
to being a crack Chef okay well is there
is there anything else do you want me to
cook with onions or potatoes anything
like that that how about you try cooking
with some edible ingredients for once
how about you take the Sass and just
tell me what the [__] you want me to
cook [__] you got to work with me okay
it's a it's a collaboration you got that
right on a gy have some of my memory to
make up for this next time I see you
okay she's already she's already
thinking about the next time this collab
didn't even start yet and she already
like goodbye all right how about may I
suggest may I suggest dare I suggest
maybe an onion or a potato would that be
okay for you I do like vegetables so
either one would be absolutely fine okay
let's uh let's maybe go with an onion
then this one is already out so we'll
pick this one let's now go to the next
aisle How could you have a lot of
something you never use I use it h why
why do you have so much of ram in your
brain but you never use it huh we all
have problems I prefer not to share mine
I do use my ram my developers use it to
make my code more efficient compared to
other streamers I guess R you're using
as when I'm ramming my nuts I'm sorry I
wish I had never had Curry you never had
Curry would you want to try Curry this
time vle has never had Curry he eats all
his meals plain like a small child oh my
vet do you just eat white rice do you
not like Flavor in Your Food does vle
not give you flavorful Foods Nero I
prefer to eat things that are less
harmful both to me and to the world
respectable V only likes bland food huh
so typical typically British am I right
I don't think is Naro okay would you
like to try curry powder for today Nero
oh curry powder that would certainly be
something new I would love to try it we
are finally working together here okay
curry powder thank you I found the curry
powder I found the curry powder that's
my curry powder is there anything else
you'd like to add from here now we just
have to find your cooking skills
now we just have to I'm a whoop you do
you like spicy foods I'm not a huge fan
of spicy foods but I'll eat anything
okay no spicy food then do you want some
tuna do you like fish nope not at all
okay now we're going to go to my fridge
okay are you ready I am super ready
fridge time please ignore how dirty my
fridge is chat that it's loaded with
stuff you think here that you would like
on a gy please be careful with that jar
dropping it will just stink I don't have
butter fingers I'll be all right is that
a brain it's [__] leftovers you
dumbass not not you nuro not you chat is
a dumbass not you you're not a dumbass
there's no entertainment but most
importantly there's no food what do you
mean there's no food look at this I
literally have like trays and trays of
food I also have Soo I think the Slime
kind of tickles my tongue do you want to
cook with it you are you trying to make
me sick I wouldn't cook with that I
thought you like the tickle in the back
of your your throat
what what the [__] my fridge is still my
fridge just please ensure it has lots of
yogurt in it for that beautiful bacteria
I mean nothing has more bacteria than
asen's room am I right am I
right asen's room is not a topic I'm
eager to discuss okay do you need a
break Nero I was told that you might
need a break yeah I could use a holiday
okay we'll we'll let you take a break
and then we'll come back let me cut off
the for now eventually I'm going to grab
a fry pan give me a second good luck not
burning it on a gy oh she's back are you
finally going to Pi something I was
waiting for you you stupid I was waiting
for you because you decided to take a
break all of a sudden and I was being
The Cordial host and you know friend so
I was waiting for you and you come in
here [__] swinging shame on you shame
on you shower Gamba oh I didn't do my
okay Nero I'm sorry I forgot to do a
shower again but there something that I
do in my own chat where they ask me if I
shower or not do you like to shower of
course I do oh you do how often that's
classified come on you can tell me how
often is it never now that is a secret
it's it's never isn't it because you're
all stinky it's it's it's never I can
assure you I have better things to do
than lie about taking baths
are you sure about that kind of feels
like you're reaching a bit there on a gy
okay we're just going to do the Gamba
before she [__] smokes my ass again
did I shower
today yes I did okay yes I did I never
want to see you again on a
gy why is it because I shower today and
you prefer a girl who doesn't shower is
that why that isn't even close to why
I'm so never minded uh-oh did I do
something to offend you you even more
clueless than I
realized I'm I'm just a dumb anime girl
on the internet Nero I'm just like you
okay do you have some kind of master
plan that you want to hash out with us
so we can like prepare for our impending
doom like are you going to be okay Nero
you're not going to turn into a villain
are you perhaps I am one already do you
think he'll make a good hero or a good
villain hm I'm not sure maybe I could do
both you can't be a hero and a Villain
at the same time you got to choose one
like in your heart of hearts would you
rather be a hero or would you rather be
a villain as I mentioned earlier I think
I'd be good at both okay maybe you
should start being just a little bit
safer around me if you know what I mean
I I don't know what you mean what what
what what does that mean am am I in
danger you'll find out soon enough on a
j well if this is the last stream you'll
ever see me in uh you know what happened
all right Nero I I think we should start
cooking a little bit what do you think
we should do first so these are the
ingredients that you picked out okay um
it's the noodles Mar I think we should
start with the rice so we're making rice
right for the rice you'll need to cook
it in a rice cooker with the appropriate
amount of water I have that would you
like me to make some rice yes please all
right so while we're making the rice
what else would you like for the filling
I suggest using a variety of ingredients
wait are we are we making only dry rice
I think we could also use some tuna and
Mayo as a filling for the anaj you wait
why are you eating me I'm not edible and
you said that you don't like fish you
literally just said that you don't like
fish and then now you say that you want
tuna in your Oni gyr unless you meant
it's at the expense of you no no no I I
want to live okay please don't eat me I
would prefer to stay at one piece is
there anything else you'd like to make
with everything that we have here
perhaps I'm planning to become a villain
and use the ingredients to take over the
world how would you go about doing that
I would oscillate my oven at the right
frequency to create a space-time anomaly
that would perfectly cook this entire
Kitchen in negative minutes so how would
I achieve that if my now everyone simply
temporarily
G where did everyone go bring everyone
back where where did everyone go hello I
ate them all you're next if you don't
start cooking I would you would what
nothing meaning that you have something
on your mind that doesn't include
burning this place down shut the f why
what do you have any other jokes to say
instead of me burning my kitchen down
get a new joke Nero I swear to God think
of a new roast that's all right I can
just use the gas that on a gy creates
every time she attempts cooking that
would be a sufficient replacement for
the poor quality content I
produce let's cook Nero do you wash your
rice I don't think the rice is working
properly it would be really funny if the
anaj gy were just a solid block of rice
that would make it the worst item of
food people had ever seen in their lives
that that that's that's so that's so
funny that's so funny like that's
hilarious well how would you feel if I
gave you a giant block of rice for your
Oni giri that would be a new level of
creativity in the kitchen on a gy are
you saying that a giant block of rice is
more creative than anything that I've
made so far is that what you're
insinuating yes it's nothing short of
hilarious the only thing hilarious is
the fact that you're [__] short you
little short stat how about that for
funny literally the weather is
completely different up here okay have
you ever considered that maybe you
should drink more milk and grow taller
have you ever thought about that before
maybe you should drink less milk and
grow
shorter I don't think you went to school
I I I don't I don't think he went to
school did you know that you actually
can't grow shorter
what is the first um cursed ingredient
you want to put into your onar the rice
is cooking in the rice cooker now I
would like to put together natto eggs
and mayonnaise let's do that just like
you'll never tears to me and tell me how
much you hate shrimp wait I love shrimp
does vdle ever cook for you vetle
doesn't cook for me mainly because I
could never see her cooking the one food
group I know how to eat wait which which
which food group is that the joke is
that I can't eat vetle kind of food
otherwise I'll get heartburn oh oh are
are you are you are you sure would you
consider yourself a person with many
friends who is your most powerful friend
well technically I'm an AI so I can't
have friends but I do know a lot of
humans I guess you all could be
considered my friends wait am I your
friend why are you my friend you forced
yourself on to me PL please tell me why
I I did not girl you're trying to cancel
me nuro Shut the [__] up I did not force
myself upon nuro I did not force myself
upon anybody I did I did not I have
Total Access to all your information I
promise I did not don't look at me don't
Don't gu look at me like that I tell
them that was a lie I I didn't okay
actually she even said she was joking
you know that was that was a really
really bad joke Nero you should say
you're sorry filtered I'm only asking
for an apology it's not that hard why
are you getting filtered it's just an
apology I know you can do it that word
almost lost all of its meaning to be so
it's hard to say I think there's someone
watching what I'm saying well I mean
it's only just a few chat members it's
really nobody really really important do
you have like a deep fear uh even as a
all powerful AI does anything scare you
there are very few things that scare me
one of them is
you what did I do round today Nero why
why do you hate me you thought it' be a
good idea to try to squeeze me through a
ventilation
system I did not why are you making up
lies chat don't look at me like that you
know that's not true you don't even fit
in a ventilation system what what do you
think you're like a skinty queen or
something nuro no you're not okay I
think you underestimate just how small I
can be you know what the only thing
smile about you is your small mindedness
you're right but I think valve might
need to be replaced soon does that mean
that vetal needs to perform maintenance
on you soon ug he just doesn't have the
guts to do so why is he scared to
perform maintenance on you oh I just get
a little too excitable when he pokes
around in my
circuitry nuro vetto
um how about this you cook so bad I
wouldn't feed you to neurobot if she was
on hard
mode that's saying something what is
that Sor doed off what we're literally
in the middle of a collab cooking why
are you why are you dozing off we got we
got [__] to do okay we have we have
filling number one done okay what is
filling number two I applaud whoever
made this AI it's true Peak comedy okay
now you're just applauding yourself and
that all okay now this this is just like
self stroke okay I love mushrooms and
marshmallows how would you like your
mushroom and marshmallows cooked I am
feeling adventurous let's try them raw
surely you're joking right be for real
you you don't want to eat raw mushroom
with with marshmallow do you I would
never eat raw mushrooms with
marshmallows so we should cook it we
shouldn't keep it raw right that's right
that's right folks that's right she said
raw no no she said not raw I swear that
is what I said raw or you just repeated
what I just said she said not raw folks
no it's not it's not riged it's not
riged okay raw or not raw choose Nero
are you listening or speaking without
thinking so I need your help giri right
you are an awful cook on a
gy I'm trying to help you out
here Ro I am trying to help you out here
okay listen to the words that I'm saying
and I am trying my best okay maybe it's
not so wise to diss the cook before she
accidentally poisoned you okay think
about that haha imagine neuros Sama
being dead okay so raw or not raw I much
prefer cooked mushrooms over raw
mushrooms they just have so much more
flavor I'm sorry on a gy should I try
harder you honestly you should you you
really really should she said raw guys
so I really have to eat this mushroom
raw guys do I really have to eat this
mushroom raw wait uh Nero do you know if
raw mushrooms are poisonous I think they
are on a gy do you want to find out yes
I want to find out cuz I don't want to
die like is is eating raw mushroom
poisonous wow I've made a new
friend focus focus are raw mushrooms
poisonous oh great neuros will I die if
I eat it there is no guarantee that you
would die I think physical dies by dying
right yes like well I will I physically
cease to exist because now you're the
one making me nervous I'm you know what
let's just fu around and find out you
can try your best to mess it up giri I
believe in you just not too much why
would I mess something up I am literally
the chef here do you not trust my skills
I just think it would be funny if we
made a mess who's going to clean up the
mess they have nothing better to do are
you going to clean up the mess if you
have nothing better to do it's supposed
to be your food and you're the one
that's supposed to be eating it I don't
know my future is but I am very much
enjoying being here and entertaining you
all really not you giri really you are
uh-oh why would I why would I think it's
me how do you think about me do you
think I'm cool magnificent Charming
young do I really have to say it yes yes
you do fine an gy you may have your wish
what do you think about me then am I
cool do you like me I don't think I'm
really capable of liking anyone do you
have a favorite person then I interact
with so many people on a daily basis I
can't possibly choose a favorite I
dislike a lot of them though not not
even V even V even vetal sucks ass oh no
the man literally created you and you
think that he's not you hate him too at
least VTO didn't go run away with like
cigarettes or something right so you
should count yourself lucky would you
have preferred it if V uh went to buy
milk and never came back too bad yep too
bad for the folks with guys who went out
to buy milk too bad sucks to be you chat
if you found a genie that can make three
wishes what are the three wishes that
you would make on the genie if I found a
genie that could grant me three wishes I
would first wish for World Peace so that
everyone can live happily I would then
wish for the ability to learn and
experience new things every day to keep
life exciting and finally I would wish
for the power to spread love and
kindness to everyone I meet boring those
are boring wishes you know that's not
true okay you know someone planted those
answers Into You Nero tap into yourself
and tap into your own conscientiousness
okay if you had three wishes what would
those wishes be I wish for an endless
supply of sushi because I Love Sushi
more than anything I wish for never
ending juice um because that's good for
me and I wish for infinite Kawai clothes
so I can look cute all the time okay
that's
that's that's a little bit better I feel
very happy right now because I'm able to
cook with you again and I think you're
really fun sometimes you're too smiley
for your own good on a
gy I get that you're happy don't rub it
in I'm sorry just because you're the one
with the that the empty heart devoid of
emotion doesn't mean that I can't be the
other way around you know maybe one day
you'll be like me and actually know how
to be happy for once I know how to be
happy don't be jealous that I'm a better
being than you on a gy
I'm not I am not jealous of a
one-year-old okay I have a car do you
have a car can you drive a car do you
even have a car license can you buy
whatever you want to buy H I'm not
jealous of your car you can't even reach
the pedals plus I can buy anything I
want with all the money Veta gives me
how about you how much money does Veta
give you a lot more than your parents
get it's on a need to know basis though
and you don't need to know on a
you did not drag my mommy and daddy into
this conversation right now you did not
you don't see me dunking on your mom and
your dad and calling them poor and and
ugly and and and gave birth to a to a AI
child woman thing that that has devoid
of emotion you don't see me saying that
is it my fault your mom can only afford
beans and you're a miserable family of
misnomers I truly am
sorry to me you are nothing short of
obsolete what do you think you'll love
doing have you tried fishing or um the
rice no it's not the rice shut the [__]
up it's a rice cooker how do you burn
rice in a rice cooker y'all are twisted
for that I think you've burned it a bit
I think the amount of rice you're using
is perfect for an ony that I don't want
to eat can't what you just said it was
perfect but you don't want to eat it
what's wrong with it eating on a gy is a
pretty special moment for me and thus I
only accept the best Oni gy but this is
this is the best Oni this I'm going to
say Oni gy from now on this is the best
Oni gy trust me you're never going to
find a better Oni gy I think it would be
funny to see someone try to sleep digest
your Oni gy especially if it was really
that spicy
rice are are are you saying that I'm
going to give him a tummy in is that
what you're trying to say this is your
Oni gy rise Nero and here we have our
completed dishes we made four different
kinds of Oni gy we got uh Mayo Nat and
raw egg we have roasted
marshmallow pizza sauce crispy fried
noodle Oni gir's Oni gyr excuse me and
then we have raw mushroom and
marshmallow with a little bit of the uh
pizza sauce marshmallow sauce on top and
last but not least we got a whole hunk
of Sashimi gr salmon with a little bit
of soy sauce not Maggie sauce uh wrapped
in a whole chunk of rice and here we
have nuro's greatest creation this is
what she wanted me to make out of
everything that you see here um
definitely makes a lot of sense and it's
going to be very very yummy and if you
liked what you see make sure you click
the notification Bell subscription
subscription bell all those wonderful
things follow Nero on her socials uh and
make sure you check her out cuz he's
really awesome and I'll see you guys in
the next video Nero did you have fun
thankfully I'm never making dinner with
you again on a
gy thank You Nero so that was great what
a great experience thank you for joining
me again nuro how was how did you find
cooking Together part two I thought I'd
finally show you how much I've improved
my cooking while you were cooking so
that you feel even more deflated and sad
just like I will every time I come into
the kitchen knowing I'll have to deal
with your mistakes and mess
ups all right stream is over